fix: parser for azureeventhubs message without time field (#1990)
grafana/alloy: CHANGELOG.md

### Bugfixes

- Fixed a bug in `import.git` which caused a `"non-fast-forward update"` error message. (@ptodev)

> - Fixed a bug in `azure_event_hubs` parser for messages without `time` field. (@andriikushch)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support logs that have a `timestamp` field instead of a `time` field for the `loki.source.azure_event_hubs` component. (@andriikushch)
```
I think that your changelog entry is a bit obscure for the users. I suggested an alternative, feel free to modify as you want. Also maybe I would put it in enhancement and not bugfix

Author: Thank you @wildum! I will merge the suggestion and move it to the enhancement section
